Some amendments to main README (#6941)
plone/volto: README.md

See also [Monorepo structure](https://6.docs.plone.org/volto/contributing/developing-core.html#monorepo-structure).

> ## Plone's frontend modular architecture Storybook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Storybook for the frontend's modular architecture
```

> The Plone frontend modular architecture is documented in Storybook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The frontend's modular architecture in Plone is documented with Storybook.
```

> You can find it at [https://plone-storybook.readthedocs.io/latest](https://plone-storybook.readthedocs.io/latest).

Reviewer: I think URLs are converted to links automatically in GitHub READMEs.

```suggestion
You can find it at https://plone-storybook.readthedocs.io/latest/.
```

## Create a Seven frontend-only project

> To start a new package frontend-only project using Seven, follow the [Plone installation documentation](https://volto.readthedocs.io/seven/get-started/create-package.html).

Reviewer: Ugh, we need to talk with David about this terminology. He didn't hate "scaffold".

```suggestion
To create a project with a frontend-only scaffold using Seven, follow the [Plone installation documentation](https://volto.readthedocs.io/seven/get-started/create-package.html).
```
